Update configure-dashboards.md to solve issue #1335 (#1442)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/hubs/configure-dashboards.md

- [Deployed a FinOps hub instance](finops-hubs-overview.md#create-a-new-hub) with Data Explorer.
- [Configured scopes](configure-scopes.md) and ingested data successfully.
- explicit permissions to access the databases **Hub** and **Ingestion** via the Web UI or via PowerBI, persons must be added as a user to the databases by applying a specific [Database level security role](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/kusto/management/manage-database-security-roles?view=microsoft-fabric#database-level-security-roles)
  - Option 1:

>     1. Select the Data Explorer Cluster ressource
>     2. navigate to databases
>     3. select the database
>     4. select permissions
>     5. click on Add and select the corresponding databse security role (e. g. admin, viewer, user)
>     6. select the principal (users, groups or Enterprise Applications) and grant permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Open the Data Explorer cluster in the Azure portal.
    2. In the menu, select **Data** > **Databases**.
    3. Select the **Hub** database.
    4. In the menu, select **Overview** > **Permissions**.
    5. Select the **Add** command, then the desired security role. Viewer is the least-privileged role.
    6. Select the desired users, groups, and applications, then select the **Select** button.
    7. Repeat steps 3-6 for the **Ingestion** database.
```

   
  - Option 2:

>     1. Select the Data Explorer Cluster ressource
>     2. navigate to databases
>     3. select the database
>     4. click on query
>     5. run the following query, where 'users' might be replaced with the most suitable [Database level security role](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/kusto/management/manage-database-security-roles?view=microsoft-fabric#database-level-security-roles)
>     ```
>          .add database MyDatabase users ('aaduser=MyUser@MyOrganization.com') 'User (AAD)'
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Open the Data Explorer cluster in the Azure portal.
    2. In the menu, select **Data** > **Query**.
    3. Use the following commands to add users, groups, and applications as needed. For more information, see [Database level security role](/kusto/management/manage-database-security-roles?view=microsoft-fabric#database-level-security-roles).
       ```
       .add database Hub viewers ('aaduser=<email>', 'aadGroup=<group-id>', 'aadapp=<app-id>;<tenant-id-or-domain>')

       .add database Ingestion viewers ('aaduser=<email>', 'aadGroup=<group-id>', 'aadapp=<app-id>;<tenant-id-or-domain>')
       ```
```

- [Deployed a FinOps hub instance](finops-hubs-overview.md#create-a-new-hub) with Data Explorer.
- [Configured scopes](configure-scopes.md) and ingested data successfully.
- Database viewer or greater access to the Data Explorer **Hub** and **Ingestion** databases. For details, see [Database level security role](/kusto/management/manage-database-security-roles#database-level-security-roles). 
  - Option 1:
    1. Open the Data Explorer cluster in the Azure portal.
    2. In the menu, select **Data** > **Databases**.
    3. Select the **Hub** database.
    4. In the menu, select **Overview** > **Permissions**.
    5. Select the **Add** command, then the desired security role. Viewer is the least-privileged role.
    6. Select the desired users, groups, and applications, then select the **Select** button.
    7. Repeat steps 3-6 for the **Ingestion** database.

>    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
